docs: write more detailed docs in mdx (#411)
express-rate-limit/express-rate-limit: readme.md

---

Basic rate-limiting middleware for [Express](http://expressjs.com/). Use to
limit repeated requests to public APIs and/or endpoints such as password reset.
Plays nice with
[express-slow-down](https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-slow-down).

## Usage

An example of its use is as follows:

```ts

> // Run `npm install express-rate-limit` to install the library.

Reviewer: I think we can omit this from the readme. Most folks who've gotten to the point of needing a rate-limiter already know how to do this, and we have it in the full docs for the ones who don't.

// Use `const { rateLimit } = require('express-rate-limit')` for commonjs.
import { rateLimit } from 'express-rate-limit'

const limiter = rateLimit({
	windowMs: 15 * 60 * 1000, // 15 minutes
	limit: 100, // Limit each IP to 100 requests per `window` (here, per 15 minutes).
	standardHeaders: 'draft-7', // draft-6: `RateLimit-*` headers; draft-7: combined `RateLimit` header
	legacyHeaders: false, // Disable the `X-RateLimit-*` headers.
	// store: ... , // Use an external store for consistency across multiple server instances.
})

// Apply the rate limiting middleware to all requests.
app.use(limiter)
```

> A more in-depth documentation is available on-line at
> [express-rate-limit.mintlify.app](https://express-rate-limit.mintlify.app/overview).

Reviewer: Right now this looks a little redundant:
<img width="737" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-20 at 11 02 22 AM" src="https://github.com/express-rate-limit/express-rate-limit/assets/114976/ab40612d-acfa-4dc4-90a7-8e0915fd48ce">

Lets change the first one to omit the URL from the text:
```suggestion
[Full documentation](https://express-rate-limit.mintlify.app/overview) is available on-line.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should move this to just under usage, replacing the "An example of its use is as follows:" text?

Author: Done

> yarn/pnpm add express-rate-limit
```

> > Note that this library requires you to use `node` version 16 or above.

Reviewer: I think we can remove the installation instructions and min node version from the readme and move them to the full docs.

> An example of its use is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example Usage

See the [quickstart](<path to quickstart docs page>) for more.
```

Reviewer: Oh, and I guess we'd remove `## Quickstart` from above

```ts
// const { rateLimit } = require('express-rate-limit') // Use this for `commonjs` projects.
import { rateLimit } from 'express-rate-limit'

const limiter = rateLimit({
	windowMs: 15 * 60 * 1000, // 15 minutes
	limit: 100, // Limit each IP to 100 requests per `window` (here, per 15 minutes).
	standardHeaders: 'draft-7', // draft-6: `RateLimit-*` headers; draft-7: combined `RateLimit` header
	legacyHeaders: false, // Disable the `X-RateLimit-*` headers.

> 	// store: ... , // Use an external store for more precise rate limiting.

Reviewer: The default store is fairy precise now, external stores are more for consistency across servers, processes, and reboots

```suggestion
	// store: ... , // Use an external store for consistency across instances.
	// Additional configuration options - see https://express-rate-limit.mintlify.app/refference/configuration
```

})

// Apply the rate limiting middleware to all requests
app.use(limiter)
```

> **Note:** most stores will require additional configuration, such as custom
> prefixes, when using multiple instances. The default built-in memory store is
> an exception to this rule.

A more in-depth documentation is available on-line at
[express-rate-limit.mintlify.app](https://express-rate-limit.mintlify.app/overview).
If you are offline, you can view the documentation sources directly - they are

> written in `mdx` and stored in the `docs/` folder.

Reviewer: I think we can omit the offline docs note, and move the bit about configuring a store to the quicksart.

> Thanks to
> [Mintlify](https://mintlify.com/?utm_campaign=devmark&utm_medium=readme&utm_source=express-rate-limit)

> > for generously hosting the documentation!

Reviewer: After rebasing, we can take the text and logo Arnie added and move it up to here. (And probably just drop the header that I added, since I think it kind of makes sense in this section.)

[start a discussion](https://github.com/express-rate-limit/express-rate-limit/discussions/new)!

If you wish to contribute to the library, thanks! First, please read

> [the contributing guide](docs/guides/contributing.mdx). Then you can pick up any

Reviewer: Should we link this to mintlify also?
